docs(optimization): clarify deterministic value for moduleIds (#3652)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/optimization.md

};
```

> W> `moduleIds: 'deterministic'` is implemented in webpack 5. `moduleIds: 'hashed'` is deprecated in favour of `deterministic`. `moduleIds: total-size` has been removed in webpack 5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
W> `moduleIds: 'deterministic'` was added in webpack 5 and `moduleIds: 'hashed'` is deprecated in favor of it.

W> `moduleIds: total-size` has been removed in webpack 5.
```

Author: > lets split this warning and simplify the first one to make it "easier" to read WDYT?

I totally agree with you :100: .
